docs: tutorial fixes (#1303)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-for-wsl: docs/tutorials/develop-with-ubuntu-wsl.md

### Install WSL

You need to install and enable WSL before you can start using Ubuntu on WSL.

Open a PowerShell prompt as an Administrator and run:

```{code-block} text
> wsl --install
```

This command will install and enable the features necessary to run WSL.

**After running this command, you need to reboot your machine.**

```{admonition} What if WSL is already installed and enabled?
:class: important
If WSL is already set up on your machine, running `wsl --install` will install
the default WSL distro, which is the latest version of Ubuntu.

If an instance named Ubuntu already exists, an installation of Ubuntu will be
initiated but it will fail.
```

### Install Ubuntu on WSL

For a list of distributions that you can install on WSL, run:

```{code-block} text
> wsl --list --online
```

To install Ubuntu 24.04 LTS, run the following command in a PowerShell terminal:

```{code-block} text
> wsl --install Ubuntu-24.04
```

> After an Ubuntu distribution is installed, you are prompted to create a
> username and password. An Ubuntu terminal will then open automatically.

Reviewer: We may want to repeat the word "Ubuntu" a bit less.

```suggestion
After the distribution is installed, you are prompted to create a
username and password. An Ubuntu session will then start automatically.
```

Also, we are already in a terminal, that terminal was "connected" to the Windows PowerShell and now it will be "connected" to the Ubuntu shell for the duration of the user session. I'm not entirely sure I'm phrasing it in the best way, but the existing text suggests that a new terminal window or tab will open, which is not the case.

Author: I agree and think that "session" is better and more accurate.

The only thing is that we probably need to use that term more consistently elsewhere also (work for another time).

username@pc:~$
```

To exit the Ubuntu terminal at any time, type the `exit` command and execute it

> by pressing <kbd>enter</kbd>, which will return you to the PowerShell prompt.

Reviewer: Just learned a new HTML tag 😄

```{admonition} Different methods to install Ubuntu on WSL
:class: tip
There are multiple ways of installing Ubuntu on WSL, here we focus on using the
terminal. For more detail on installation methods for Ubuntu on WSL, refer to
our [dedicated installation guide](../howto/install-ubuntu-wsl2.md).
```

### Running multiple versions of Ubuntu

You can install multiple versions of Ubuntu on WSL. Each Ubuntu instance can
then be used as a separate, self-contained development environment.

```{code-block} text
> wsl --install Ubuntu-22.04
```

Use `wsl -l -v` to list all of your installed distros.

```{code-block} text
:class: no-copy
  NAME            STATE           VERSION
  Ubuntu-22.04    Stopped         2
* Ubuntu-24.04    Stopped         2
```

```{admonition} What is version 2?
:class: note

> This means that you are using WSL2, rather than WSL1.
> WSL2 is the default WSL on recent versions of Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSL implements two different architectures for running 
Linux distributions: WSL1 and WSL2.
This means that you are using WSL2, rather than WSL1.
WSL2 is the default WSL on recent versions of Windows.
```

Reviewer: If the user is questioning what's the VERSION 2 value, they likely don't know about WSL1 x WSL2, so for those we are still not answering their question.

```

You can open a specific instance from PowerShell using its NAME:

```{code-block} text
> wsl ~ -d Ubuntu-22.04
```

The `~` is passed to the `wsl command` to start the instance in the Ubuntu home directory and
the `-d` flag is added before specifying a distro.

```{admonition} Windows terminal integration
:class: tip

> Each time you install a version of Ubuntu, it appears in the dropdown list of
> command line applications in Windows terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time you install a version of Ubuntu, it appears in the dropdown list of
terminal profiles in Windows terminal.
```

Those are terminal profiles, they define appearance and which shell the terminal must "connect" to (The Windows Command Prompt, the Windows PowerShell, Azure Cloud Shell, Ubuntu on WSL shell etc). Although it's possible to define a terminal profile to run a single general command line application that's not what it's intended for.
